oh my giant ice balls and mushrooms
getting an x-ray to buy a new pair of
shoes
quacking dinosaurs and cats that don't
appreciate dog food yeah go figure well
get ready for these facts and more to
change the way you see the world feeding
your cat dog food isn't a good idea
it lacks particular vitamins and
nutrients they are critical for your
furry friend to stay healthy but
occasionally my cat olive sneaks one
piece of kibble from my dog Reilly's
dish I guess just because speaking of
cats some of them might be allergic to
their owners but that's a rare case
since people don't shed as much hair as
animals at Microsoft headquarters
there's a room named the quietest in the
world because of its special design
there's no echo okay thanks inside this
strange room you can hear the sound of
your breathing your heartbeat seems too
loud for your ears if you wanted to burn
one calorie by clicking a computer mouse
it would take you more than 11 days
you'd have to click at 10 million times
nope not a great workout around 400
million years ago nature wasn't so rich
in plants and trees but there were giant
mushrooms up to 24 feet in height toe
wrestling is actually a competitive
sport every year they hold a
championship in London but for some
reason the olympic committee turned toe
wrestling down it turned out that they
just couldn't decide if it was a winter
or summer sport in 1898 14 years before
Titanic sailed off a novel about a ship
called Titan came out the ship in the
books sank after striking a wait for it
iceberg that's just too weird
so drop to soft drink cans in the lake
the can of regular coke sinks to the
bottom the can of Diet Coke flows to the
top
that's because diet soda contains less
sweetener this makes it less dense back
in the day it was difficult to have the
edges and the middle of a pie equally
baked
that's why Baker's started to make holes
inside doughnuts most of the fat you
lose gets converted into carbon dioxide
and leaves your body through your lungs
yes you can just breathe your fat away
your phone has seven times more bacteria
on it than a toilet seat Wow
that's because most people take their
gadgets everywhere including the loo now
so far I haven't seen any hacks about
using your smartphone as a toilet paper
replacement
however keep watching this space people
walked on the moon several decades ago
but their footprints are still there and
they won't disappear any time soon
there's no atmosphere on our natural
satellite and no wind will wipe the
footprints away on average a fluffy
cloud that floats in the sky weighs a
million pounds that's more than 300
adult giraffes so just don't be under it
when it starts raining giraffes deja vu
is a feeling that you've already
experienced something before but there's
also deja Reve that's when you feel like
you've already had a dream about the
situation you're in now Louis the 19th
was the king of France for less than 20
minutes at the beginning of the 20th
century shoe stores used fluoroscope to
take x-rays of clients feet based on the
image they selected perfectly fitting
Footwear our geologist claimed that
around 60 million years ago they were
penguin species that grew taller than 6
feet it rains fish in a small town in
Honduras every year scientists haven't
figured out why it happens yet but I'm
guessing those fish probably don't drink
regular coke the blocks used to build
the Great Wall of China had a secret
ingredient that held them together it
was sticky
I added to the standard mixture of lime
and water
the tallest building in the world the
Burj Kalifa was designed to resemble a
desert flower called spider lily there
is a fitness activity called Bach Serena
it combines boxing in ballet it lets you
get both stronger and more graceful at
the same time what all while you're
slugging the person next to you
scientists believe that at least some
dinosaurs didn't roar instead they
produce sounds similar to a duck
quacking or a pigeon cooing Wow Jurassic
Park would sound really cuter in Japan
people sometimes use Mayo as an ice
cream topping or put it on pancakes the
main reason why most planes are white is
that this color reflects sunlight better
than any other this prevents planes from
overheating Buckingham Palace isn't just
a huge building it's more like a mini
town with its own post office and zip
code it's sw1 a one a a in case you want
to drop a letter to the Queen a cleft
chin and freckles are the result of gene
mutations the smell of green apples can
ease claustrophobia
it makes rooms feel larger than they
really are
the blue whale has the biggest animal
heart in the world
it weighs 400 pounds like three
kangaroos the organ is so big that you
can hear it beat from 2 miles away the
Eiffel Tower is made of iron which
expands when heated and contracts when
it's cold that's why during warm weather
the tower can get up to 6 inches taller
it also leans slightly away from the Sun
snakes can predict earthquakes they
sense a disaster coming up to five days
in advance and from 75 miles away they
usually start acting erratically leaving
their nests
you can't sneeze during sleep your brain
shuts down this reflex if something like
dust or animal hair triggers the need to
sneeze you'll have to wake up first
the world's record for solving the
Rubik's Cube is three point four seven
seconds but it took the architecture
professor who invented this puzzle a
whole month to do it speaking World
Records the Guinness Book of Records
gets stolen from public libraries much
more often than any other book margins
where you write notes used to be a way
to save information in books from rats
and mice these rodents were famous for
eating around the edges of everything
they could find including paper you can
enjoy window seat views on the plane
thanks to a little hole which prevents
the glass from fogging it also regulates
a huge pressure difference inside and
outside the plane there's a rare genetic
mutation that adds an extra retinal cone
in the eyes this allows certain people
to see 100 million colors your feet have
250,000 sweat glands and can produce
more than half a pint of sweat during a
day is that you there are up to 14
elements in each strand of your hair
including nanoparticles of gold
lightning doesn't have any sort of
memory there are known cases where the
same building was hit more than once if
all cats suddenly disappeared earth
would quickly become overrun by rodents
mice and rats would spread disease wipe
out ground nesting birds and probably
destroy all grain supplies now you can't
bring a snow globe in your carry-on
while traveling by plane it contains
more liquid than the allowed amount the
fastest train in the world is the
Shanghai maglev it levitates over the
magnetic field between the train and
track and its maximum speed reaches 268
miles per hour peanut butter is rich in
carbon that's why it can be turned into
diamonds but don't rush to your fridge
just yet it's possible only with special
lab equipment after domestication dogs
developed to muscles above their eyes to
raise the eyebrows it helps dog maintain
better
contact with their owners making their
face more expressive the food you eat on
a plane might not be that tasty because
dry air and low pressure reduce your
taste buds sensitivity taking a hot bath
burns 130 calories just like a 30 minute
walk beats the heck out of clicking that
stupid mouse button huh
a gap on the toilet seat which makes it
look like the letter U is there because
of the Plumbing Codes
since 1995 all public toilets must have
open seats sharks are great swimmers
because their skeleton isn't made of
bones it consists of cartilage and
muscle you can see a rainbow at night it
appears because of moonlight and is
called 12 right your guests down in the
comments the correct term for the
hashtag symbol is octothorpe the name
refers to the symbols 8-points bats are
the only mammals that can fly flying
squirrels can actually do it they glide
you wouldn't be able to walk on Jupiter
Saturn Uranus and Neptune these planets
are made of gas and don't have any solid
surface you can't walk on the Sun either
because it's too hot so it's better to
try that at night phone agnosia
is an inborn inability to recognize the
voices of people you know the fluids in
your stomach can dissolve a razor blade
luckily a special lining protects the
stomach from eating through itself it
would take you more than 210 days at a
speed of 46 miles per hour to get to the
moon by car fun fact huh there are only
two escalators in the entire state of
Wyoming
even though its population is more than
half a million people so everyone is
instead climbing the corporate ladder
gee I don't know just like people
giraffes have only seven bones in their
neck but each vertebra can be as long as
ten inches in 2016 Western Siberia's
residents saw thousands of giant ice
balls along
the shore of the Yamal Peninsula they
appeared thanks to a rare phenomenon
strong winds picked up snow and rolled
it into balls some of them were up to 3
feet in diameter there's a bad joke
there but I gotta go see ya